docs: update import-export app documentation (#1355)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/user/importexport-app.md

2.  Click on the **Import** button which will upload the file and start the
    importing process.

### Tracked Entities Import { #tei_import }

> Tracked Entities Import can be accessed from the sidebar by

Reviewer: I think we should write proper sentences with https://www.grammarly.com/blog/capitalization-rules.

Author: obviously the intention is not to write improper sentences .. I've run this through Joe, and he pointed me to [our guidelines](https://ui.dhis2.nu/patterns/writing#capitalization). 

If there is a mistake, then it's just that .. a mistake. Please point it out and I will fix it.

Author: I fixed these two [here](https://github.com/dhis2/dhis2-docs/compare/c0636c1562a42d8d80d7a992fe5014dd6d91f71a..1aad4178957070e25ea4f5c4d2615d1e6503f768)

Reviewer: I did not know this guide but assume its for UI only and not docs. I find this

> There are some terms in DHIS2, like organisation unit, that have adopted other spellings. In those cases, use the DHIS2 established spelling.

leads to odd sentences in documentation.

clicking on Tracked entity import.

![](resources/images/import_export/tei_import.png)

1.  Choose a JSON file to upload

> 1.  Select the appropriate settings for:

Reviewer: will the numbers show correctly when rendered? they are all 1.

Author: yes these will be autonumbered when rendered

![](resources/images/import_export/tei_export.png)

You can export tracked entities in JSON, or CSV format.

1.  Select the organisation units that should be included. There are three modes for selecting organisation units:

    - _Accessible_: to select data view organisation units associated with the current user

    - _Capture_: to select data view organisation units associated with the current user.

    - _Manually select organisation units_: to manually select the organisation units.

1. If you choose to _manually select organisation units_ then you will be presented with further options:

    - _Selected_: Export data only for the selected
      organisation unit

    - _Directly below_: Export data including the first
      level of the organisation units inside the selections as well
      as the selected organisation unit itself.

    - _All below_: Export event data for all organisation units
      inside the selections as well as the selected organisation
      unit itself.

1.  Decide whether you want to filter by _program_ or _tracked entity type_.

1. Decide what statuses to include in the export

1. Decide which follow-up statuses to include in the export

> 3.  Select a format: _JSON_ or _CSV_.

Reviewer: Either keep the numbers in order or make them all 1 😅

4.  Click **Advanced options** if you want to adjust one or more of
    the following settings before exporting:

    - Filter by last updated date
    - Filter by assigned user
    - Include deleted
    - Data element ID scheme
    - Event ID scheme
    - Organisation unit ID scheme
    - ID scheme

5.  Click **Export tracked entity** which will open a new
    web-browser window that will give you a file to download to your
    local computer.

## Changes to Tracker import/export in v41+ { #v41_tracker_changes }

> The import/export app was upgraded to use the new tracker API for importing and exporting tracked entities and events. The old API will be deprecated in v42 hence all applications are advised to upgrade as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The import/export app was upgraded to use the [new tracker API](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-master/tracker.html) for importing and exporting tracked entities and events. The [deprecated tracker API](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-master/tracker.html) will be removed in v42 hence all applications are advised to upgrade as soon as possible.
```

This brings a lot of benefits in terms of the consistency and reliability of the import/export experience for tracked entities and events, such as better validation, error reporting and the use of a more reliable job scheduling workflow.

These benefits come with a couple of important caveats. First, the new format of the exported files is incompatible with previous versions of the app, so exports from v41 can not be imported in previous versions, and exports from previous versions can not be imported in v41. We also dropped support for XML format, and only support JSON and CSV. More context for these changes can be found in the [Tracker API documentation](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-master/tracker.html).

![Improved error reports in v41+](resources/images/import_export/v41_error_reports.png)

> 

Author: @teleivo @Bekkalizer this bit here specifically is that I would like a second look from you about - does it sound ok? is there anything more that I should add about the tracker upgrade that's relevant from an end-user perspective
